following the platinum-selling success
and grammy win for their latest album
soldier of love shaday has announced
their highly anticipated return to the
stage in 2011 shaday will kick off a
world tour on april 29th in france and
it will mark the first time the band has
toured in over 10 years Sade has become
a global phenomenon with a band built
around British Nigerian lead vocalist
shaday adieu and her one-of-a-kind
sultry voice and timeless sound built
around her haunting melodies for the
upcoming tour shaday will perform songs
from their collection of timeless hits
including their critically acclaimed new
album soldier of love which debuted
number one on the Billboard Top 200
chart upon its release in February of
2010 selling over a million copies to
date soldier of love spent three weeks
in the number one spot and recently took
home the 2011 grammy award for best R&B
performances by a group for the title
track soldier of love R&B superstar
songwriter and pianist John Legend will
open the show at every date on their
highly anticipated summer tour through
North America and fans can expect a
memorable and intimate show at every
stop along the trek just after winning
his three Grammy Awards in 2011 John
Legend talked about why this tour means
so much to him and why fans can expect
something special at every performance
oh I'm so excited I think it's going to
be an amazing tour shaday doesn't go on
to a very often as most of you know so
it's a special moment and then for us to
do it together I think it's going to be
incredible for us but it's going to be
great for the fans to the north american
leg of shaw days 2011 tour will kick off
on june sixteenth in baltimore and will
extend until august 30th and anaheim the
last time Shaddai toward they performed
for more than 1 million fans in 2001
John Legend will kick off a brief tour
of singer
japan and australia for the month of
april returning to the US for a small
run of tour dates in May before starting
Shaw days tour in june
we watch me God is I